README.md, before:

# Upskill Repository
## Basic Python Projects
### [Python-Basic] Number Guessing Game 
In this game the user will have to guess a randomly generated number within the given range. The system will guide them to tell them if they are higher or lower. Until the system user guesses and inputs the random number.

### [Python-Basic] Rock Paper Scissor
This classic game is used for building flow based control with loops and control statements. Rules of the game. Rock beats scissors but looses to paper, Scissors beat paper but loose to rock, and Paper beats rock but looses to scissors. Additionally, with the normal game, you get a score tracker to see who has won more games. In the event that a game ties, both the computer and user do not get any points.

### [Python-Basic] Weather Forcast Report
This app aims to inform the user about weather in a given location. The user will input the name of a location and the system will throw out the weather report that it requests, and give the user a comprehensive report about the area that is given. The aim of this is to inform people of the weather so they can better prepare for the conditions and dress or plan their day accordingly. This program utilizes a basic web key that links to a url to fetch the weather and display it.

### [Python-Basic] Unit Converter
This program is quite simple to understand. It converts between a given ratio until it converts your input value in a unit to another unit in a quantity. The unit converter has unit conversions for weight, volume, temperature, distance/speed travelled, area, digital storage units and decimal types.

### [Python-Basic] GPA Converter
This program aims to be able to convert gpa of one scale to the other with a simplistic approach and formula. It can be used to convert scores between types for varrious purposes such as educational or regional requirements. It will convert from percentage, 4-scale, 5-scale, 4.5(Honor's scale), 10-Scale and even letter grades.

### [Python-Basic] Expense Tracker
A python program that uses classes and functions to allow users to track expences, with simplistic controlls. It can be used with the terminal in a code terminal or be used in tandem with a spreadsheet/.csv for better accessibility.

### [Python-Basic] Password Strength and Password Generator
A program that has the capacity to generate password strength. By checking the strength of existing passwords and return it to the user, it aims to keep user passwords strong online. To ensure that users have the best chance of keeping their data protected and not stolen.

## Python Grahpics Based Projects
### [Tkinter] Dice Roll
This program uses graphical unicode dice images to roll dice through combinations. Each dice is rolled individually when rolled. The images are then rendered to the user, and the process can be repeated 'n' number of times as required. This can be utilized particularly for games that require two dice to be rolled.

### [Tkinter] Stopwatch Timer
This program utilizes tick speed and a built in timer to create a sense of time. It can be used as a stopwatch. The time shown on the clock is millisecond based for those presise calculations of time and ensuring that the time is represented more accurately for users. With a Hour,Minute,Second,Millisecond format the applications for this clock timer/stopwatch are seemingly unlimited.

### [Tkinter] Basic Calculator
We have all used calculators in one way or the other. Many programmers build calculators as their first program, but without the graphical interface built to use the calulator, using the calculator becomes dificult and hard. So this program uses the graphical interface along with the back end interface of a basic calculator. 

##

Commit message:

wordle, and rearrangement of programs

README.md, after:

# Upskill Repository Projects
### [Python] Number Guessing Game 
In this game the user will have to guess a randomly generated number within the given range. The system will guide them to tell them if they are higher or lower. Until the system user guesses and inputs the random number.

### [Python] Rock Paper Scissor
This classic game is used for building flow based control with loops and control statements. Rules of the game. Rock beats scissors but looses to paper, Scissors beat paper but loose to rock, and Paper beats rock but looses to scissors. Additionally, with the normal game, you get a score tracker to see who has won more games. In the event that a game ties, both the computer and user do not get any points.

### [Python] Weather Forcast Report
This app aims to inform the user about weather in a given location. The user will input the name of a location and the system will throw out the weather report that it requests, and give the user a comprehensive report about the area that is given. The aim of this is to inform people of the weather so they can better prepare for the conditions and dress or plan their day accordingly. This program utilizes a basic web key that links to a url to fetch the weather and display it.

### [Python] Unit Converter
This program is quite simple to understand. It converts between a given ratio until it converts your input value in a unit to another unit in a quantity. The unit converter has unit conversions for weight, volume, temperature, distance/speed travelled, area, digital storage units and decimal types.

### [Python] GPA Converter
This program aims to be able to convert gpa of one scale to the other with a simplistic approach and formula. It can be used to convert scores between types for varrious purposes such as educational or regional requirements. It will convert from percentage, 4-scale, 5-scale, 4.5(Honor's scale), 10-Scale and even letter grades.

### [Python] Expense Tracker
A python program that uses classes and functions to allow users to track expences, with simplistic controlls. It can be used with the terminal in a code terminal or be used in tandem with a spreadsheet/.csv for better accessibility.

### [Python] Password Strength and Password Generator
A program that has the capacity to generate password strength. By checking the strength of existing passwords and return it to the user, it aims to keep user passwords strong online. To ensure that users have the best chance of keeping their data protected and not stolen.

### [Python] Dice Roll
This program uses graphical unicode dice images to roll dice through combinations. Each dice is rolled individually when rolled. The images are then rendered to the user, and the process can be repeated 'n' number of times as required. This can be utilized particularly for games that require two dice to be rolled.

### [Python] Stopwatch Timer
This program utilizes tick speed and a built in timer to create a sense of time. It can be used as a stopwatch. The time shown on the clock is millisecond based for those presise calculations of time and ensuring that the time is represented more accurately for users. With a Hour,Minute,Second,Millisecond format the applications for this clock timer/stopwatch are seemingly unlimited.

### [Python] Basic Calculator
We have all used calculators in one way or the other. Many programmers build calculators as their first program, but without the graphical interface built to use the calulator, using the calculator becomes dificult and hard. So this program uses the graphical interface along with the back end interface of a basic calculator. 

## [Python] Wordle
The game wordle, is a replica of an existing game, that was made popular on New York Times Games App. The app, involves a player choose a word that is 5 letters long. The word they choose will then be compared to a word that the computer has choosen. The user will be given hints such as if the letters in the word they guessed are there in the word randomly choosen, and wether the position matches the location of the random word. Eventually the user either guesses the word in 6 attempts or the system reveals it.
